I call you Brother Guoxing. Is there something wrong?
Have you forgotten the specific moments between us?
Yes, I don’t remember many of them after that.
I'm right, forget it, don't think about it if you can't remember it.
I'll take you back to your room to rest.
Miss Tiantian, this room has been reserved by the young master for you.
Someone comes to clean it every day.
Just waiting for you to come back and live there one day.
Miss, no brother, what is it really?
He gave it to you when you were a child, and now he can finally bring it to you.
I'll try to make it myself
I hear how you can distribute on both ears
This is not a mouth
This is the ear
After I have him, I can take him
Beautiful earrings
Gonna buy you the most beautiful earrings in orange